feat: upgrade to Ubuntu 20.04 Focal Fossa (#543)
netlify/build-image: README.md

- `trusty` - Legacy build image for older sites; running Ubuntu 14.04 and [this software](https://github.com/netlify/build-image/blob/trusty/included_software.md)
- `xenial` - Default build image for all new sites; running Ubuntu 16.04 and [this software](https://github.com/netlify/build-image/blob/xenial/included_software.md)

> - `focal` - Opt-in beta build image; running Ubuntu 20.04 and [this software](https://github.com/netlify/build-image/blob/xenial/included_software.md)

Reviewer: Until we actually have this available for selection in the UI, I wonder if we change this line to something like this?
```suggestion
- `focal` - In development and available for local testing; running Ubuntu 20.04 and [this software](https://github.com/netlify/build-image/blob/xenial/included_software.md)
```
I say "local testing" to refer to running the steps in the readme with the `focal` branch named in the `docker pull` command.

When we have it available in the UI, we can change to the "opt-in beta" language.

> - `focal` - In development and available for local testing; running Ubuntu 20.04 and [this software](https://github.com/netlify/build-image/blob/xenial/included_software.md)

Reviewer 2: `xenial` should presumably be `focal` in the link here, thanks!
